the alaka hospital has been targeted
with at least three Israeli air strikes
in the past hour here is a residential
building that has been targeted by the
Israeli war planes today this is a
building in front of the entrance of Al
AA
hospital as you see this is one of the
main gates for Al AA hospital and a lot
of
people are seeking Refuge here um and
here as you see the ambulances of the
Ministry of Health have been severely
damaged from the uh air strike here is
the
hospital this this this H Street is a
very busy street where people are
walking 24 and 7 back and forth to the
hospital and and not only that people
Park their their car cars here I
remember that every single day we used
to park our our our car over here in
this street as you see all of the the
markets in here are uh
damaged here where people normally sell
food and people who normally buy stuff
there's a very heartbreaking story where
a Falafel guy who sells Falafel has been
affected by a sharpness
and he was killed by it unfortunately on
the
wall we also see his blood on the
Falafel
ingredients dozens of injuries are now
in Al ala hospital where the hospital is
working in a very low capacity and the
doctors are trying to help as much
people as possible we Tred to talk to
the palestin minister
and asked them about the injuries and
the killings they said that they
couldn't even count them because the
ambulances did not stop transferring the
injuries and the killings from this air
strike this is H for
alaz Al Hospital
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer